[Music]
Oh check this out
twelve strange u.s. geography facts no
one told you about the US enjoy some
very impressive statistics fifty states
three hundred twenty five point seven
million people fourteen thousand one
hundred forty six McDonald's restaurants
oh yes
and some truly wacky geography facts get
ready because some of these Geographic
anomalies can be mind-boggling keep
watching to learn which site to visit if
you want to be in four places at once
how Americans can be trapped in Canada
and how everyone on earth could fit into
the state of Texas and don't forget to
click the subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life coming down from number 12
buildings in New York have their own zip
codes Manhattan is one of the most
densely populated areas in the world it
is so unbelievably crowded that there
are over 200 zip codes in Manhattan
alone and there are over 40 buildings
that are large enough to have their own
zip codes the Empire State Building the
General Motors building the Chrysler
Building Park Avenue Plaza and the
MetLife building are some of the lucky
few that can claim their own zip code
number 11
Alaska is everywhere Alaska is the
westernmost easternmost and northernmost
state wait what if you look at a
two-dimensional map it makes immediate
sense for it to be the westernmost and
northernmost but how could it be the
easternmost just take a look at the
globe as you can see Alaska is pretty
close to Russia the state stretches so
far west that it reaches into the
eastern hemisphere so if you want to
experience the northern western and
eastern hemispheres simply head to
Alaska just make sure you bring all
really warm
number ten you can walk from the u.s. to
Russia walking from California Oregon or
Washington to Russia would be impossible
unless you have magic powers that allow
you to walk on water but it's a very
real possibility from Alaska during the
winter the small area between Alaska and
Russia freezes over in the middle of the
Bering Strait
are two islands big Diomede II is part
of Russian territory and little Diomede
II is part of Alaskan territory the
distance between the two is just 2.4
miles
technically you can walk from little
Diomede II to big Diomede II or from the
u.s. to Russia and tell all your friends
about how you visited another country if
you do decide to brave the freezing cold
for this trip just know that it can be a
dangerous journey that isn't really
recommended number 9 Canada in
California the population of Canada is
36.7 million but California still houses
more people than the entire country of
Canada California is the most populated
state in the u.s. with 39 point five
million people it's followed by Texas
Florida and New York in that order if
being around too many people isn't your
preference then Vermont or Wyoming might
be for you as their some of the least
populated states number eight the
longest river in the u.s. the
Mississippi River spans 2348 miles
that's like the distance from
Albuquerque New Mexico to Boston
Massachusetts Mississippi is the third
largest watershed and the fourth longest
river in the world it would take 90 days
for a drop to travel from the beginning
of the river to the end
it's that lon
and its size isn't the only amazing
thing about this river it's home to 360
species of fish 326 species of birds 145
species of amphibians and 50 species of
mammals the river is also the daily
source of water for 62 cities in the
United States keeping around 18 million
Americans well hydrated number seven the
shortest river in the world the u.s. can
boast about being home to the fourth
longest river in the world but it also
has the smallest the roe River is
located in Montana and it's just 201
feet long
it's about one and a quarter times the
size of an Olympic swimming pool the
guinness world records had it down as
the shortest river in the world until
they discontinued the category this
little river is like a small oasis
surrounded by grounds that are perfect
for picnicking and rocking views number
six the longest coastline which state do
you think has the longest coastline top
contenders would be Texas Florida in
California but it's Alaska again the
Alaskan coast line covers six thousand
six hundred forty miles and is actually
longer than the coastline for the rest
of the state's combined so if you love
the cold sea and frozen beaches Alaska
is the place to be number five the
tallest mountain in the world
yes Mount Everest is the tallest
mountain in the world with an elevation
of 29,029 feet above sea level but
technically the tallest mountain is part
of the United States Mauna Kea in Hawaii
is an enormous mountain that's about 30
3,500 feet tall so why is Mount Everest
considered the tallest and not Mauna Kea
it's because half of Mauna Kea is hidden
under the sea Mauna Kea is the highest
mountain from base to peak to make
things a little more
if Mauna Kea is also a dormant volcano
which last erupted about 4000 years ago
let's just hope this massive volcano
remains dormant number four point
Robert's America or Canada point Roberts
is United States territory part of what
calm County Washington the small
territory is a geographic anomaly since
it can only be accessed by boat from the
United States if you need to go in by
land you'll need to head in through
Canada for Washington residents living
there it must be baffling to live with a
Washington zip code in a location that's
basically inside British Columbia to
attend the nearest high school students
must go through four border crossings
but the residents seem to like the
border crossings as they provide a lot
of security as long as the residents can
keep track of whether they're American
or Canadian Point Roberts seems to be a
nice secure place to live if a little
inconvenient number three four corners
four states well how can you be in four
places at once unless you're on a sci-fi
show that would seem like an
impossibility but you can do this in the
US just head over to four corners a rare
area in America where four states meet
southeast Utah Northeast Arizona
Southwest Colorado and northwest New
Mexico intersect in a right angle
thankfully no strange anomalies occur at
this spot so don't expect any aliens if
you head to four corners feel free to
tell your friends you visited those four
states number two border states now two
states in the u.s. don't share borders
with any other US states do you know
which ones if you thought of Hawaii and
Alaska you're right those two states
might be rather lonely though Alaska
does have a neighbor this is a big
differ
from Missouri in Tennessee each with a
whopping 8 neighboring states Missouri
is surrounded by Iowa Illinois Kentucky
Tennessee Arkansas Oklahoma Kansas and
Nebraska Tennessee is surrounded by
Kentucky Virginia North Carolina Georgia
Alabama Mississippi Arkansas and
Missouri Missouri and Tennessee sound
like rather cozy locations number one
Texas is bigger than you can imagine now
in New York City the city stretches
upward to make room for the eight point
six million inhabitants
if the world's population lived in such
a condensed manner they would only cover
250,000 404 square miles since Texas is
two hundred sixty-eight thousand five
hundred ninety-seven square miles it
means that hypothetically speaking the
world's population of seven point five
three billion people could all fit in
the state of Texas that's seriously
impressive for one state though it might
be a bit crowded Texas would be a prime
spot for holding the world's future
reunions so tell us bright ciders has
this given you a good reason to take out
your suitcase and travel to a u.s. state
let us know which ones in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side
[Music]